README.md, before:

# SwitchU
A remake of the Nintendo Switch's UI for the Wii U

## Controls
- `L Stick/DPad`: move around the menu
- `A Button`: enter menus, load games, ect.
- `B Button`: close open menus or subcategories
- `+ Button`: open the options menu for a game

## Building
### Dependencies
- [wut](https://github.com/devkitPro/wut)
- [librpxloader](https://github.com/wiiu-env/librpxloader)
- SDL2 Wii U
- SDL2 image Wii U

Install Devkitpro following [the official guide for your OS](https://devkitpro.org/wiki/Getting_Started)

Install wut:
```
(sudo) (dkp-)pacman -Syu --needed wiiu-dev
```

Install SDL2 Wii U:
```
(sudo) (dkp-)pacman -S wiiu-sdl2 wiiu-sdl2_image
```

### Compiling
Simply run `make` at the root of the repo
```
make (path to Makefile)
```

# Credits
- DanielKO For emotional support and helping me figure out the rpx loader
- [BenchatonDev](https://github.com/BenchatonDev) Made the original repository I built this project on, helping with battery checks/applet launching, and cleaning up code.
- [Ashquarky](https://github.com/ashquarky) For porting SDL2 to Wii U
- [Dimok](https://github.com/dimok789) For making VPADInput.h and WPADInput.h
- [GaryOderNichts](https://github.com/GaryOderNichts) For making Wii U ident which I used as 'base'

Commit message:

removed ignore.txt so people downloading this wont think its a bug

README.md, after:

# SwitchU
A remake of the Nintendo Switch's UI for the Wii U

## Controls
- `L Stick/DPad`: move around the menu
- `A Button`: enter menus, load games, ect.
- `B Button`: close open menus or subcategories
- `+ Button`: open the options menu for a game

## Misc:
- `You can ignore games by creating an "ignore.txt" file in your "sd://switchU/" folder.`

## Building
### Dependencies
- [wut](https://github.com/devkitPro/wut)
- [librpxloader](https://github.com/wiiu-env/librpxloader)
- SDL2 Wii U
- SDL2 image Wii U

Install Devkitpro following [the official guide for your OS](https://devkitpro.org/wiki/Getting_Started)

Install wut:
```
(sudo) (dkp-)pacman -Syu --needed wiiu-dev
```

Install SDL2 Wii U:
```
(sudo) (dkp-)pacman -S wiiu-sdl2 wiiu-sdl2_image
```

### Compiling
Simply run `make` at the root of the repo
```
make (path to Makefile)
```

# Credits
- DanielKO For emotional support and helping me figure out the rpx loader
- [BenchatonDev](https://github.com/BenchatonDev) Made the original repository I built this project on, helping with battery checks/applet launching, and cleaning up code.
- [Ashquarky](https://github.com/ashquarky) For porting SDL2 to Wii U
- [Dimok](https://github.com/dimok789) For making VPADInput.h and WPADInput.h
- [GaryOderNichts](https://github.com/GaryOderNichts) For making Wii U ident which I used as 'base'
